README.md, before:

## Treble Check

![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kevintresuelo/treble?include_prereleases) ![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/kevintresuelo/treble/total) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kevintresuelo/treble) ![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/kevintresuelo/treble)

Treble Check is an Android application that determines whether a device supports Project Treble, A/B (Seamless) System Updates and system-as-root. Furthermore, it also determines the CPU architecture of the device being tested. These data are used to help users choose which GSI to use on their devices.

[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
     alt="Get it on Google Play"
     height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kevintresuelo.treble&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1)

## Contribute

Pull requests are welcome! For major changes, kindly open an issue to discuss them first.

## Credits

 - Android Developers
   - [Android ABIs][ref04]
 - Git at Google
   - [Add ro.build.ab_update property.][ref03]
 - XDA Developers
   - [How to Check if Your Android 8.0 Oreo Device Supports Project Treble][ref02]
   - [New Android 11 devices will support Virtual A/B for Seamless Updates][ref01]

[ref01]: https://www.xda-developers.com/google-virtual-ab-seamless-updates-android-11/
[ref02]: https://www.xda-developers.com/project-treble-android-oreo/
[ref03]: https://android.googlesource.com/platform/build/+/532fdf4479acb50cdb480e6fdfe24f0698fcd67b
[ref04]: https://developer.android.com/ndk/guides/abis.html

## License

    Treble Check - Treble Compatibility Checking App
    Copyright (C) 2017-2020  KevinT.

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html.

Commit message:

updated README.md to include the translation project link

README.md, after:

## Treble Check

![GitHub release (latest by date including pre-releases)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kevintresuelo/treble?include_prereleases) ![GitHub All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/kevintresuelo/treble/total) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kevintresuelo/treble) ![GitHub code size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/kevintresuelo/treble)

Treble Check is an Android application that determines whether a device supports Project Treble, A/B (Seamless) System Updates and system-as-root. Furthermore, it also determines the CPU architecture of the device being tested. These data are used to help users choose which GSI to use on their devices.

[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en-play-badge.png"
     alt="Get it on Google Play"
     height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kevintresuelo.treble&pcampaignid=pcampaignidMKT-Other-global-all-co-prtnr-py-PartBadge-Mar2515-1)

## Contribute

Pull requests are welcome! For major changes, kindly open an issue to discuss them first.

If you would like to translate the app, please join the project [at this link][translate].

[translate]: https://poeditor.com/join/project/oVDSgMHUwC

## Credits

 - Android Developers
   - [Android ABIs][ref04]
 - Git at Google
   - [Add ro.build.ab_update property.][ref03]
 - XDA Developers
   - [How to Check if Your Android 8.0 Oreo Device Supports Project Treble][ref02]
   - [New Android 11 devices will support Virtual A/B for Seamless Updates][ref01]

[ref01]: https://www.xda-developers.com/google-virtual-ab-seamless-updates-android-11/
[ref02]: https://www.xda-developers.com/project-treble-android-oreo/
[ref03]: https://android.googlesource.com/platform/build/+/532fdf4479acb50cdb480e6fdfe24f0698fcd67b
[ref04]: https://developer.android.com/ndk/guides/abis.html

## License

    Treble Check - Treble Compatibility Checking App
    Copyright (C) 2017-2020  KevinT.

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html.
